---
layout: post
title: "My First App"
date: 2024-02-07 13:30:00 +0900
categories: jekyll update
---
When I was a junior developer.

I started my career at a large-scale Indonesian company. I was working at an IT department. One day, I was called by the top management. They told me that they had an idea, and they asked me if I could implement an Android application. I had zero experience and knowledge in it, but I said yes because I thought it would be fun.

I asked my friend what server framework was good. He recommended Flask, a lightweight server framework in Python. He also recommended SQLAlchemy, an ORM which was a good fit with Flask. All of the aforementioned technologies were new to me, but I decided to learn them from scratch.

While learning them, I had to design the UX of the app. I chose Balsamiq, a wireframing tool as a quick solution. Once I made a wireframe, I listed all possible SQL queries for each screen. This led me to devise DB tables.

I also had to provision infrastructure. At that time I knew what AWS was, but I had never used it. So, I looked through some major services and chose ElasticBeanstalk and RDS. ElasticBeanstalk took some time for me to configure it to production level, but it was helpful in terms of making deployment easy.

In the meantime, I had to learn how to implement an Android app. I knew Java, but implementing an Android application was a different thing. A lot of debugging processes went on, meaning that my coding was slow and error-prone. I personally didn't enjoy it much and that was when I realized that I preferred backend to frontend.

I also had to perform QA tasks by myself. I got around 10 Android devices from the company. I made a QA sheet and went through it whenever there was a major change. I was like a machine when doing it.

Finally, I managed to launch the app in 3 months. It was a huge success for me although my code was messy and error-prone. If I remember my code back then, I feel embarrassed. That was especially because I didn't have a senior engineer who could guide me.

All my code written back then is not in use anymore because the company was shut down. There is no way to get my code back, but I still remember how I felt when I struggled day and night. It was tough but wonderful days.

I've become a better engineer than before, but the attitude I acquired at that time, which is 'if someone else can do it, so can I', is something that I need to remind myself of.
