---
layout: post
title: "Why I Walk 2 Hours Every Day"
date: 2024-04-07 13:30:00 +0900
categories: jekyll update
---
When I was 10, my father's business went backrupt. The big house my family owned was taken by creditors, and we had to move to another small city. That's when I became addicted to computer games. I was out of control. My mom cried numerous times because of me, but I didn't feel anything. Rather, I told my parents not to interfere my life.

Playing computer games without proper physical activities made me gain a lot of weight. Not only that but it also affected my mental condition. I started suffering from some kind of paranoia even though I was not clinically diagnosed because I didn't see a doctor. It means I was stuck to one thought and couldn't escape from it for a long period of time.

The paranoia made the situation even worse. I started experiencing dyspnea. Simply saying, I kept thinking I couldn't breathe. I went to see a docter. He checked everything and told me that my physical state was normal and the dyspnea came from unhandled mental stress. He didn't tell me what to do. I was so terrified because I had been thinking something was physicall wrong. Before reaching a tragic consequence, I had to do something to change my life.

I chose exercising. I started playing basketball 1 hour every day with my friends. After a few months, all the mentioned problems were magically gone. Not only I lost my weight, but also I became free from paranoia and dyspnea. But there was a "good" side effect which I didn't expect in the first place. My academic achievement improved drastically.

That's when I realized the relationship between physical activities and academic achievement. I realized that if we mix two things (being physically active + studying hard), the result will be dramatic. That shouldn't be "choose either A or B". Simply putting, being physically active activates our brain which enables us to study more efficiently.

When I turned 30, I decided which exercise to do in the rest of my life. My conclusion is walking. When it comes to calory burning, walking is relatively inefficient compared to other physicall demanding exercises. But I'm in favor of walking due to the following reasons.

1. We can do it anytime and anywhere.
2. It involves the whole body. Especially when we walk fast.
3. We can do some side activity while walking.
4. It costs nothing except that shoes will be wearing out quickly.

I started walking 8000 steps a day when I was 30. Now, I walk 14000 steps a day, which takes 130 minutes. I'm very strict about this.




Some people might say walking is not an exercise. When it comes to calory burning, it's true. 

When I was 30, I concluded the best exercise is walking. A lot of people don't admit walking is an exercise. Some of them think it's inefficient exercise. They think physically demanding activities will be more helpful.



A lot of "smart" friends spent all their time on studying.

 I told my friend, who were studying harder than me but had lower academic achievement, to exercise to improve yourself. But he said he had no time for that.

When I was a middle school student, I suffered from paranoia. I was not clinically diagnosed because I didn't go see a doctor, but I'm sure I experienced some kind of paranoia. I think it's mainly because of my family's economic situation. Simply saying, my father's business went backrupt, and I saw the terrible consequence. I didn't want to face the reality, so I chose to be addicted to games with a lot of complaints in mind. That kind of stress was not handled well

I couldn't stop thinking about one thought. Sometimes the thought is totally irrelevant to my life, but I found it really hard to escape from it when it happens.

Six years ago, when I turned 30, I got into a thought that knowledge or experience is not something that fundamentally differentiates one from others.
